1 the emissions generated by air and land traffic and by
industrial activity in general
have been altering the composition of the atmosphere are causing an increase
of the global temperature of the earth
left
yes the polar caps
you could completely
it would also rise to about nine meters above the current level and the coasts
they would retreat inland about 110 kilometers
a sudden climate change could represent the extinction of many
species
however, it must be taken into account that the climate is continuously changing
even if the intervention of man
Generally, the climatic changes that have occurred in the past have
been attentive enough to allow the adaptation of the world
biological
the theory about climate change and its causes continues to divide the
scientific community and conservation groups
if the trend of the increase in temperatures continue three
scientists will have more data to establish their relationship with the
greenhouse effect and with the emission of certain gases into the atmosphere
if so
large-scale interventions may be necessary
to protect animal and plant species
that are threatened by global climate change especially if this
change occurs too quickly
it seems that the polar ice caps are melting as the glaciers of
the mountains
which will eventually cause an increase in sea level
while it has been predicted in the disappearance under the waters of some
islands
It is proven that the icy platforms that line the coasts of the
Antarctic Continent
happened in the last decades in spite of it the scientists still
they have not reached a consensus on what is the ultimate cause of these phenomena
It has been observed that the increase in temperatures accelerated the fusion of
which has favored the appearance of cracks in the platforms and the
detachment of icebergs
the scientists have proven a warming of two and a half degrees at
over the past 50 years